Initializing Norton Ghost 14.0
OS: Windows XP, Version 5.1.2600 (Service Pack 3)
Detecting source drive: Disk 0, Model: Seagate ST500DM008
Detecting destination drive: Disk 1, Model: Western Digital WD10EZEX
Verifying source drive integrity...
Source drive: Seagate ST500DM008 - 465.76 GB, 78% free space
Source drive integrity check passed.
Starting disk-to-disk cloning process...
Cloning partition: C:\ (System Reserved, NTFS)
Starting sector-by-sector copy...
Error: Disk write error on destination drive (WD10EZEX). Retry attempt 1...
Retry attempt 1 failed: Destination drive read/write timeout.
Error: Disk write error on destination drive (WD10EZEX). Retry attempt 2...
Retry attempt 2 failed: Destination drive is not accessible.
Error: Cloning process halted due to disk write failure.
Verifying destination disk status...
Error: Destination disk (WD10EZEX) reports I/O error. Disk is offline.
Attempting to reinitialize destination disk...
Failed to initialize destination disk (WD10EZEX). Disk is physically damaged or disconnected.
Error: Cloning failed. Source and destination disks are incompatible.
Check if destination disk is powered on and properly connected.
Attempting to clone to alternative destination drive: Disk 2 (Model: Samsung SSD 860 EVO)
Detecting Disk 2: Samsung SSD 860 EVO 500GB.
Verifying destination disk (Disk 2) integrity...
Destination disk (Samsung SSD 860 EVO) detected with no errors.
Starting cloning operation to Disk 2...
Cloning partition: C:\ (System Reserved, NTFS)
Starting sector-by-sector copy...
Error: Write protection detected on destination partition (C:\) on Disk 2.
Error: Failed to write to destination partition. Write protection may be enabled.
Error: Cloning halted due to write protection on destination partition.
Checking destination disk's write protection settings...
Error: Unable to clear write protection on destination partition.
Error: Write protection persists on destination partition.
Attempting to disable write protection on Disk 2...
Error: Unable to disable write protection. Disk 2 may be locked or have security settings enabled.
Error: Disk write protection could not be disabled.
Cloning operation failed due to write protection on destination disk.
Trying another destination: Disk 3 (Model: Toshiba HDWD120)
Detecting Disk 3: Toshiba HDWD120, 2TB.
Verifying destination disk (Disk 3) integrity...
Destination disk (Toshiba HDWD120) reports SMART errors. Disk may be failing.
Warning: Destination disk (Toshiba HDWD120) reports read errors.
Disk errors detected on destination drive. Cloning process cannot continue.
Error: Destination disk failure. SMART errors detected.
Cloning process terminated due to failing destination disk.
Attempting to use network share as backup location...
Accessing network share: \\server\backup
Error: Network share \\server\backup not accessible. Connection timed out.
Error: Unable to connect to network share. Network configuration issue detected.
Error: Cloning process aborted due to network share access failure.
Restarting Norton Ghost...
Reinitialized Norton Ghost.
OS: Windows XP, Version 5.1.2600 (Service Pack 3)
Detecting source drive: Disk 0, Model: Seagate ST500DM008
Detecting destination drive: Disk 1, Model: Western Digital WD10EZEX
Reattempting cloning operation...
Source drive: Seagate ST500DM008 - 465.76 GB, 78% free space
Destination disk: Western Digital WD10EZEX - 1TB, 0% free space
Error: Destination disk (WD10EZEX) is full. Cannot clone source partition.
Error: Cloning operation failed due to insufficient space on destination drive.
Attempting to resize source partition to fit destination...
Error: Unable to resize source partition for cloning. Insufficient disk space.
Error: Cloning operation failed due to space constraints on destination drive.
Disconnected destination disk WD10EZEX. Checking alternate disks...
Restarting Norton Ghost...
Norton Ghost restarted successfully.